And then everyone 's beauty.
Today I'm going to teach you how to play the
take and the technic minecraft pirate
a lot of people were wanting to see
videos and want to play but I have one
original spelling
so now I'm going to teach you how
playing pirate will let the dollar beyond
of these two parts here either be compacted
there is no corner
I will first show the coach
Technician is for playing single-player
alone he came with more deaths than
the trikids but he only played alone you
open the folder
and it is not paper from that single point
replacing it with the other property is
only for april is minecraft if it gives
two clicks on it will open a day care center
normal you boot understands
it may take a little longer than
the normal for April minecraft why are you
kwai is falling on every lot is a
very large package model comes with me
I will cite only some decorated concepts
with millenarian and in new york to tur bildu
craft ready in April since I'll show
ready here the world had already done here
just to show it's working
normal today
here sir how did your greatest
normal route and you will not
think
replace another you can record the
things and just does not give you the
name I put but will not put for
example here as self-mining as to
black is already already for example that
the automatic miner
I come all the ore tubes tube provere
will only spend the bad things for
example being August tonic where it goes
see everything for it red and gold
vibrant bazzo the silly things silly
iron in peace and kept here and the
Bad things reminds the daughter and go kind
multiplying iron for example if
to place a sandwich of almeida bahia that
continues at the end gives an iron that either
only waves 1 million machines and can
create here
I come here for example another one well
that adds oil back from
here goes well gal oil go through
there go through this machine here and
make you pee bring you my gas
nor have these systems been
I created here is also what it is to be beaten
here with a screwdriver and in your hand
it will appear that items such as a
iron coral at the feet of the baltar and
I think it's correct in time to do the pectoral
and send it to me
the chain coming there ready on the first
need capital zilles
I will not show the love at all because
otherwise I would spend the whole day here
showing all the molds will show
how to open even now show ot kit
I'm a bit of a light was mark when
records and has a lot of moves
A bit of lag there, the tek ti vai vim
with two parts one for you to open the
normal appetite and other shelter serves
I'll open that always say that you
will need to make those who receive
I came here and open it to change the server.
ip3 will put yoep you hamachi
depending on what you manufacture
I already left the name here as normal
as if it were a normal brain to receive
aquino to the xvii
will start to take this server and
enter your server you can not come
here by the technician that the technician has
more votes without head of here or equity
value on the blog
I know it's almost the same thing
there I wanted almost the same thing as
technician andré who comes with some ways to
less and you can play online that you had
to play online only you here
Serves the traditional slow service
or less the same as much taboo of the cnic
ready there the military apprentice you see in
multiplayer believe the server as
we have something here that I was
log in
the mall is running
calm down
April is working all
molds for example here that same
system had made the miner
automatic
here is the yang you will need to do
put simply change your ip right in
Notepad
after closing that mark on the
workshop
what's up guys
already signed how to play the new technical tek
in minecraft crazy thanks for having
watched a favorite video
and sign up for the channel that this
helps a lot
Hello